[Music]
it's the night of the senior prom the
Bates high school gym is alive with
excitement everybody is there even
Carrie White the girl
no one likes and everyone makes fun of a
girl who lives in that creepy house with
her crazy mother the girl with the
strange power if I concentrate hard
enough I can move things but tonight no
one will laugh at Carrie if you don't
have a date to the prom next Friday
would you like to go with me
she's with the best-looking boy in the
senior class she'll be voted queen of
the prom you know I can make sure that
you don't hurt Carrie white anymore well
Carrie it will be a dream come true for
everyone else it will be a nightmare
Carrie are you filmed by Brian De Palma
based on the chilling best-seller
starring [ __ ] Spacek Piper Laurie and
introducing John Travolta in his first
motion picture role
if you have a taste for terror
you have a date with Carrie
[Music]
you